{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1160\margr740\margb280\margt1340\vieww23720\viewh16140\viewkind1
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\li337\sb80\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 References for Supplemental Material, Table 2: Seafood Hg Database\
\pard\pardeftab720\sb2\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl249\slmult1\sb1\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs21 \cf0 Adams D, Sonneb C, Basuc N, Dietzb R, Namc D, Leifssond P, et al. 2010. Mercury contamination in spotted seatrout, 
\i Cynoscion nebulosus
\i0 : An assessment of liver, kidney, blood, and nervous system health. Sci Total Environ 408(23):5808-5816.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl252\slmult1\sb5\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Adams DH. 2004. Total mercury levels in tunas from offshore waters of the Florida Atlantic coast. Mar Pollut Bull 49(7-8):659-663.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Adams DH, McMichael RH. 1999. Mercury levels in four species of sharks from the Atlantic coast of Florida. Fishery Bulletin 97(2):372-379.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri664\sl249\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Adams DH, McMichael RH. 2007. Mercury in king mackerel, 
\i Scomberomorus cavalla
\i0 , and Spanish mackerel, S-maculatus, from waters of the south-eastern USA: regional and historical trends. Mar Freshw Res 58(2):187-193.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri919\sl252\slmult1\sb3\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Adams DH, McMichael RH, Henderson GE. 2003. Florida Marine Research Institute Technical Report TR-9, Mercury Levels in Marine and Estuarine Fishes of Florida 1989-2001.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri664\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Africa CR, Pascual AE, Santiago EC. 2009. Total Mercury in Three Fish Species Sold in a Metro Manila Public Market: Monitoring and Health Risk Assessment. Science Diliman 21(1):1-6.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl247\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Amlund H, Lundebye AK, Berntssen MHG. 2007. Accumulation and elimination of methylmercury in Atlantic cod (
\i Gadus morhua 
\i0 L.) following dietary exposure. Aquat Toxicol 83(4):323-330.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl252\slmult1\sb5\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Andersen JL, Depledge MH. 1997. A survey of total mercury and methylmercury in edible fish and invertebrates from Azorean waters. Mar Environ Res 44(3):331-350.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri905\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Arcos JM, Ruiz X, Bearhop S, Furness RW. 2002. Mercury levels in seabirds and their fish prey at the Ebro Delta (NW Mediterranean): the role of trawler discards as a source of contamination. Mar Ecol-Prog Ser 232:281-290.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li277\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Ashraf W. 2006. Levels of selected heavy metals in tuna fish. Arab J Sci Eng 31(1A):89-92.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri929\sl252\slmult1\sb8\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Augelli MA, Munoz RAA, Richter EM, Cantagallo MI, Angnes L. 2007. Analytical procedure for total mercury\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-6
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 determination\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-5
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 in\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-6
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 fishes\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-6
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 and\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-5
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 shrimps\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-6
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 by\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-6
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 chronopotentiometric\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-5
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 stripping\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-6
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 analysis\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-6
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 at\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-6
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 gold film electrodes after microwave digestion. Food Chem\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 101(2):579-584.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Baeyens W, Leermakers M, Papina T, Saprykin A, Brion N, Noyen J, et al. 2003. Bioconcentration and biomagnification of mercury and methylmercury in North Sea and Scheldt estuary fish. Arch Environ Contam Toxicol 45(4):498-508.\
Bahnick D, Sauer C, Butterworth B, Kuehl DW. 1994. A National Study of Mercury Contamination of Fish. 4. Analytical Methods and Results. Chemosphere 29(3):537-546.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri664\sl249\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Balshaw S, Edwards JW, Ross KE, Ellis D, Padula DJ, Daughtry BJ. 2008. Empirical models to identify mechanisms driving reductions in tissue mercury concentration during culture of farmed southern bluefin tuna 
\i Thunnnus maccoyii
\i0 . Mar Pollut Bull 56(12):2009-2017.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri664\sl252\slmult1\sb2\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Bank MS, Chesney E, Shine JP, Maage A, Senn DB. 2007. Mercury bioaccumulation and trophic transfer in sympatric snapper species from the Gulf of Mexico. Ecological Applications 17:2100-2110.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Barska I, Skrzynski I. 2003. Contents of methylmercury and total mercury in Baltic Sea fish and fish products. Bulletin of the Sea Fisheries Institute 3(160):3-15.\
Berntssen MHG, Julshamn K, Lundebye AK. 2010. Chemical contaminants in aquafeeds and Atlantic salmon (
\i Salmo salar
\i0 ) following the use of traditional- versus alternative feed ingredients.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\sl-238\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Chemosphere 78(6):637-646.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl249\slmult1\sb11\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Bethune C, Seierstad SL, Seljeflot I, Johansen O, Arnesen H, Meltzer HM, et al. 2006. Dietary intake of differently fed salmon: a preliminary study on contaminants. European Journal of Clinical Investigation 36(3):193-201.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri664\sl252\slmult1\sb5\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Blanco S, Gonzalez JC, Vieites JM. 2008. Mercury, cadmium and lead levels in samples of the main traded fish and shellfish species in Galicia, Spain. Food Addit Contam Part B-Surveill 1(1):15-21.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Bloom NS. 1992. On the chemical form of mercury in edible fish and marine invertebrate tissue Can J Fish Aquat Sci 49(5):1010-1017.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri664\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Bordajandi LR, Gomez G, Abad E, Rivera J, Fernandez-Baston MD, Blasco J, et al. 2004. Survey of persistent organochlorine contaminants (PCBs, PCDD/Fs, and PAHs), heavy metals (Cu, Cd, Zn,\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\ri758\sl252\slmult1\sb93\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Pb, and Hg), and arsenic in food samples from Huelva (Spain): Levels and health implications. J Agric Food Chem 52(4):992-1001.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri737\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Boscher A, Gobert S, Guignard C, Ziebel J, L'Hoste L, Gutleb AC, et al. 2010. Chemical contaminants in fish species from rivers in the North of Luxembourg: Potential impact on the Eurasian otter (
\i Lutra lutra
\i0 ). Chemosphere 78(7):785-792.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl249\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Braune B, Muir D, DeMarch B, Gamberg M, Poole K, Currie R, et al. 1999. Spatial and temporal trends of contaminants in Canadian Arctic freshwater and terrestrial ecosystems: a review. Sci Total Environ 230(1-3):145-207.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri743\sl249\slmult1\sb5\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Braune BM. 1987. Mercury accumulation in relation to size and age of atlantic herring (
\i Clupea harengus harengus
\i0 ) from the southwestern Bay of Fundy, Canada. Arch Environ Contam Toxicol 16(3):311-320.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl247\slmult1\sb5\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Brinkmann L, Rasmussen JB. 2010. High levels of mercury in biota of a new Prairie irrigation reservoir with a simplified food web in Southern Alberta, Canada. Hydrobiologia 641(1):11-21.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl252\slmult1\sb6\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Brockman JD, Sharp N, Ngwenyama RA, Shelnutt LD, McElroy JA. 2009. The concentration and variability of selenium and mercury measured in vacuum-packed tuna fish. J Radioanal Nucl Chem 282(1):45-48.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Burger J. 2009. Risk to consumers from mercury in bluefish (
\i Pomatomus saltatrix
\i0 ) from New Jersey: Size, season and geographical effects. Environ Res 109(7):803-811.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl247\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Burger J, Gochfeld M. 2004. Mercury in canned tuna: white versus light and temporal variation. Environ Res 96(3):239-249.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl252\slmult1\sb6\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Burger J, Gochfeld M. 2005. Heavy metals in commercial fish in New Jersey. Environ Res 99(3):403- 412.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Burger J, Gochfeld M. 2006. Mercury in fish available in supermarkets in Illinois: Are there regional differences. Sci Total Environ 367(2-3):1010-1016.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri687\sl249\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Burger J, Gochfeld M, Jeitner C, Burke S, Stamm T. 2007c. Metal levels in flathead sole (
\i Hippoglossoides elassodon
\i0 ) and great sculpin (
\i Myoxocephalus polyacanthocephalus
\i0 ) from Adak Island, Alaska: Potential risk to predators and fishermen. Environ Res 103(1):62-69.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri1149\sl249\slmult1\sb4\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Burger\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 J,\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Jeitner\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 C,\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Donio\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 M,\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Shukla\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 S,\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Gochfeld\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 M.\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 2009.\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Factors\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Affecting\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Mercury\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 and\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Selenium Levels\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 in\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 New\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Jersey\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Flatfish:\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Low\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Risk\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 to\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Human\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Consumers.\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 J\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Toxicol\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Env\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Health\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Part\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 A 72(14):853-860.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri656\sl252\slmult1\sb5\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Burger J, Gaines KF, Boring CS, Stephens WL, Snodgrass J, Gochfeld M. 2001. Mercury and selenium in fish from the Savannah River: Species, trophic level, and locational differences. Environ Res 87(2):108-118.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Burger J, Gochfeld M, Jeitner C, Burke S, Stamm T, Snigaroff R, et al. 2007b. Mercury levels and potential risk from subsistence foods from the Aleutians. Sci Total Environ 384(1-3):93-105.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri664\sl247\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Burger J, Gaines KF, Boring CS, Stephens WL, Snodgrass J, Dixon C, et al. 2002. Metal levels in fish from the Savannah River: Potential hazards to fish and other receptors. Environ Res 89(1):85-97.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl249\slmult1\sb6\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Burger J, Gochfeld M, Shukla T, Jeitner C, Burke S, Donio M, et al. 2007a. Heavy metals in Pacific Cod (
\i Gadus macrocephalus
\i0 ) from the Aleutians: Location, age, size, and risk. J Toxicol Env Health Part A 70(22):1897-1911.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl252\slmult1\sb5\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Bustamante P, Lahaye V, Durnez C, Churlaud C, Caurant F. 2006. Total and organic Hg concentrations in cephalopods from the North Eastern Atlantic waters: Influence of geographical origin and feeding ecology. Sci Total Environ 368(2-3):585-596.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Butala SJM, Scanlan LP, Chaudhur SN, Perry DD, Taylor R. 2007. Interlaboratory bias in the determination of mercury concentrations in commercially available fish utilizing thermal decomposition/amalgamation atomic absorption spectrophotometry. J Food Prot 70(10):2422- 2425.\
Cabanero AI, Madrid Y, Camara C. 2004. Selenium and mercury bioaccessibility in fish samples: an in vitro digestion method. Anal Chim Acta 526(1):51-61.\
Cabanero AI, Madrid Y, Camara C. 2007. Mercury-selenium species ratio in representative fish samples and their bioaccessibility by an in vitro digestion method. Biol Trace Elem Res 119(3):195-211.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl249\slmult1\sb93\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Cabanero AI, Carvalho C, Madrid Y, Batoreu C, Camara C. 2005. Quantification and speciation of mercury and selenium in fish samples of high consumption in Spain and Portugal. Biol Trace Elem Res 103(1):17-35.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl252\slmult1\sb5\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Cai Y, Rooker JR, Gill GA, Turner JP. 2007. Bioaccumulation of mercury in pelagic fishes from the northern Gulf of Mexico. Can J Fish Aquat Sci 64(3):458-469.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl247\slmult1\sb2\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Caldwell RS, Buhler DR. 1983. Heavy metals in estuarine shellfish from Oregon Arch Environ Contam Toxicol 12(1):15-23.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\sl252\slmult1\sb6\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Campbell L, Hecky RE, Dixon DG, Chapman LJ. 2006. Food web structure and mercury transfer in two contrasting Ugandan highland crater lakes (East Africa). Afr J Ecol 44(3):337-346.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Campbell LM, Osano O, Hecky RE, Dixon DG. 2003b. Mercury in fish from three rift valley lakes (Turkana, Naivasha and Baringo), Kenya, East Africa. Environ Pollut 125(2):281-286.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl249\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Campbell LM, Hecky RE, Nyaundi J, Muggide R, Dixon DG. 2003a. Distribution and food-web transfer of mercury in Napoleon and Winam Gulfs, Lake Victoria, East Africa. J Gt Lakes Res 29:267- 282.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl252\slmult1\sb4\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Capelli R, Minganti V, Bernhard M. 1987. Total mercury, organic mercury, copper, manganese, selenium, and zinc in Sarda sarda from the Guld of Genoa. Sci Total Environ 63:83-99.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Capelli R, Contardi V, Cosma B, Minganti V, Zanicchi G. 1983. A 4-year study on the distribution of some heavy metals in 5 marine organisms of the Ligurian Sea. Mar Chem 12(4):281-293.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri664\sl249\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Capelli R, Drava G, Siccardi C, De Pellegrini R, Minganti V. 2004. Study of the distribution of trace elements in six species of marine organisms of the Ligurian Sea (North-Western Mediterranean) - Comparison with previous findings. Ann Chim 94(7-8):533-546.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li277\sb3\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Cappon CJ. 1984. Content and chemical form of mercury and selenium in Lake Ontario salmon and trout.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\sb9\partightenfactor0
\cf0 J Gt Lakes Res 10(4):429-434.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl252\slmult1\sb13\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Carbonell G, Bravo JC, Fernandez C, Tarazona JV. 2009. A New Method for Total Mercury and Methyl Mercury Analysis in Muscle of Seawater Fish. Bull Environ Contam Toxicol 83(2):210-213.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri664\sl247\slmult1\sb1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Carvalho ML, Santiago S, Nunes ML. 2005. Assessment of the essential element and heavy metal content of edible fish muscle. Anal Bioanal Chem 382(2):426-432.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri985\sl252\slmult1\sb7\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Chen CY, Chen MH. 2003. Investigation of Zn, Cu, Cd and Hg concentrations in the oyster of Chi-ku, Tai-shi and Tapeng Bay, southwestern Taiwan. J Food Drug Anal 11(1):32-38.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri669\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Chen MH, Chen CY, Chang SK, Huang SW. 2007. Total and organic mercury concentrations in the white muscles of swordfish (
\i Xiphias gladius
\i0 ) from the Indian and Atlantic oceans. Food Addit Contam 24(9):969-975.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl247\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Cheung KC, Leung HM, Wong MH. 2008. Metal concentrations of common freshwater and marine fish from the Pearl River Delta, South China. Arch Environ Contam Toxicol 54(4):705-715.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl252\slmult1\sb6\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Chou CL. 2007. A time series of mercury accumulation and improvement of dietary feed in net caged Atlantic salmon (
\i Salmo salar
\i0 ). Mar Pollut Bull 54(6):720-725.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Chung SWC, Kwong KP, Tang ASP, Xiao Y, Ho PYY. 2008. Mercury and methylmercury levels in the main traded fish species in Hong Kong. Food Addit Contam Part B-Surveill 1(2):106-113.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl249\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Ciardullo S, Aureli F, Coni E, Guandalini E, Lost F, Raggi A, et al. 2008. Bioaccumulation potential of dietary arsenic, cadmium, lead, mercury, and selenium in organs and tissues of rainbow trout (
\i Oncorhyncus mykiss
\i0 ) as a function of fish growth. J Agric Food Chem 56(7):2442-2451.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri1246\sl249\slmult1\sb3\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Cizdziel JV, Hinners TA, Heithmar EM. 2002. Determination of total mercury in fish tissues using combustion atomic absorption spectrometry with gold amalgamation. Water Air Soil Pollut 135(1-4):355-370.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl252\slmult1\sb5\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Collings SE, Johnson MS, Leah RT. 1996. Metal contamination of angler-caught fish from the Mersey Estuary. Mar Environ Res 41(3):281-297.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Cross FA, Hardy LH, Jones NY, Barber RT. 1973. Relation between Total-Body Weight and Concentrations of Manganese, Iron, Copper, Zinc, and Mercury in White Muscle of Bluefish (
\i Pomatomus saltatrix
\i0 ) and a Bathyl-Demersal Fish 
\i Antimora rostrata
\i0 . Journal of the Fisheries Research Board of Canada 30(9):1287-1291.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri664\sl252\slmult1\sb93\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Cutshall NH, Naidu JR, Pearcy WG. 1978. Mercury concentrations in pacific hake, 
\i Merluccius productus (ayres)
\i0 , as a function of length and latitude. Science 200(4349):1489-1491.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri664\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Dabeka R, McKenzie AD, Forsyth DS, Conacher HBS. 2004. Survey of total mercury in some edible fish and shellfish species collected in Canada in 2002. Food Addit Contam 21(5):434-440.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri744\sl249\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Das\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 YK,\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Aksoy\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 A,\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Baskaya\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 R,\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Duyar\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 HA,\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Guvenc\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 D,\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Boz\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 V.\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 2009.\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Heavy\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Metal\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Levels\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 of\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Some\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Marine Organisms Collected in Samsun and Sinop Coasts of Black Sea, in Turkey. Journal of Animal and Veterinary Advances\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw2
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 8(3):496-499.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl252\slmult1\sb4\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Davies IM. 2012. Department of Agriculture and Fisheries for Scotland (DAFS), Fish and Shellfish Landed at Scottish Ports (1975-1976). Aberdeen, Scotland.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri726\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 De Marco SG, Botte SE, Marcovecchio JE. 2006. Mercury distribution in abiotic and biological compartments within several estuarine systems from Argentina: 1980-2005 period. Chemosphere 65(2):213-223.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Del Gobbo LC, Archbold JA, Vanderlinden LD, Eckley CS, Diamond ML, Robson M. 2010. Risks and Benefits of Fish Consumption For Childbearing Women. Can J Diet Pract Res 71(1):41-45.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li277\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Delaware River Basin Commission. 2011. Fish and Shellfish Tissue Data, DRBC EPA Coastal 2000.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\sb9\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Available: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.state.nj.us/drbc/fishtiss.htm"}}{\fldrslt http://www.state.nj.us/drbc/fishtiss.htm }}[accessed 3 February 2011].\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri1000\sl252\slmult1\sb8\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Della Torre C, Petochi T, Corsi I, Dinardo MM, Baroni D, Alcaro L, et al. 2010. DNA damage, severe organ\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 lesions\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 and\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 high\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 muscle\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 levels\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 of\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 As\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 and\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Hg\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 in\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 two\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 benthic\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 fish\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 species\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 from\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 a\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 chemical warfare agent dumping site in the Mediterranean Sea. Sci Total Environ\kerning1\expnd-5\expndtw-24
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 408(9):2136-2145.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Dellinger JA, Meyers RM, Gebhardt KJ, Hansen LK. 1996. The Ojibwa Health Study: Fish residue comparisons for Lakes Superior, Michigan, and Huron. Toxicol Ind Health 12(3-4):393-402.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl247\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Deshpande A, Bhendigeri S, Shirsekar T, Dhaware D, Khandekar RN. 2009. Analysis of heavy metals in marine fish from Mumbai Docks. Environ Monit Assess 159(1-4):493-500.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl252\slmult1\sb6\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Deshpande AD, Draxler AFJ, Zdanowicz VS, Schrock ME, Paulson AJ. 2000. Contaminant Levels in Muscle of Four Species of Recreational Fish from the New York Bight Apex. NOAA Technical Memorandum NMFS-NE-157. NMFS-NE-157. Available: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.nefsc.noaa.gov/publications/tm/tm157/tm157.pdf"}}{\fldrslt http://www.nefsc.noaa.gov/publications/tm/tm157/tm157.pdf }}[accessed 24 February 2009].\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Dewailly E, Ayotte P, Lucas M, Blanchet C. 2007. Risk and benefits from consuming salmon and trout: A Canadian perspective. Food Chem Toxicol 45(8):1343-1348.\
Dewailly E, Rouja P, Dallaire R, Pereg D, Tucker T, Ward J, et al. 2008. Balancing the risks and the benefits of local fish consumption in Bermuda. Food Addit Contam Part A-Chem 25(11):1328- 1338.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri733\sl249\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Domingo JL, Bocio A, Falco G, Llobet JM. 2007. Benefits and risks of fish consumption Part I. A quantitative analysis of the intake of omega-3 fatty acids and chemical contaminants. Toxicology 230(2-3):219-226.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl249\slmult1\sb3\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Doyon JF, Schetagne R, Verdon R. 1998. Different mercury bioaccumulation rates between sympatric populations of dwarf and normal lake whitefish (
\i Coregonus clupeaformis
\i0 ) in the La Grande complex watershed, James Bay, Quebec. Biogeochemistry 40(2-3):203-216.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl249\slmult1\sb5\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Duarte FA, Bizzi CA, Antes FG, Dressler VL, Flores EMD. 2009. Organic, inorganic and total mercury determination in fish by chemical vapor generation with collection on a gold gauze and electrothermal atomic absorption spectrometry. Spectroc Acta Pt B-Atom Spectr 64(6):513-519.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl252\slmult1\sb5\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Easton MDL, Luszniak D, Von der Geest E. 2002. Preliminary examination of contaminant loadings in farmed salmon, wild salmon and commercial salmon feed. Chemosphere 46(7):1053-1074.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri664\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Elhamri H, Idrissi L, Coquery M, Azemard S, El Abidi A, Benlemlih M, et al. 2007. Hair mercury levels in relation to fish consumption in a community of the Moroccan Mediterranean coast. Food Addit Contam 24(11):1236-1246.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Elston R, Cake EW, Humphrey K, Isphording WC, Rensel JE. 2005. Dioxin and heavy-metal contamination of shellfish and sediments in St. Louis Bay, Mississippi and adjacent marine waters. J Shellfish Res 24(1):227-241.\
Endo T, Haraguchi K. 2010. High mercury levels in hair samples from residents of Taiji, a Japanese whaling town. Mar Pollut Bull 60(5):743-747.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl249\slmult1\sb93\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Escobar-Sanchez O, Galvan-Magana F, Rosiles-Martinez R. 2010. Mercury and Selenium Bioaccumulation in the Smooth Hammerhead Shark, 
\i Sphyrna zygaena 
\i0 Linnaeus, from the Mexican Pacific Ocean. Bull Environ Contam Toxicol 84(4):488-491.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl252\slmult1\sb5\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Ethier ALM, Scheuhammer AM, Bond DE. 2008. Correlates of mercury in fish from lakes near Clyde Forks, Ontario, Canada. Environ Pollut 154(1):89-97.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl247\slmult1\sb2\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Evans DW, Crumley PH. 2005. Mercury in Florida Bay fish: Spatial distribution of elevated concentrations and possible linkages to Everglades restoration. Bull Mar Sci 77(3):321-345.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl249\slmult1\sb6\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Fabris G, Turoczy NJ, Stagnitti F. 2006. Trace metal concentrations in edible tissue of snapper, flathead, lobster, and abalone from coastal waters of Victoria, Australia. Ecotox Environ Safe 63(2):286- 292.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl249\slmult1\sb5\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Fairey R, Taberski K, Lamerdin S, Johnson E, Clark RP, Downing JW, et al. 1997. Organochlorines and other environmental contaminants in muscle tissues of sportfish collected from San Francisco Bay. Mar Pollut Bull 34(12):1058-1071.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li277\sb5\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Falandysz J. 1990. Mercury content of squid 
\i Loligo opalescens
\i0 . Food Chem 38(3):171-177.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri861\sl249\slmult1\sb13\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Ferreira AG, Faria VV, de Carvalho CEV, Lessa RPT, da Silva FMS. 2004. Total mercury in the night shark, 
\i Carcharhinus signatus 
\i0 in the western equatorial Atlantic Ocean. Braz Arch Biol Technol 47(4):629-634.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl249\slmult1\sb5\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Fisher WS, Oliver LM, Winstead JT, Long ER. 2000. A survey of oysters 
\i Crassostrea virginica 
\i0 from Tampa Bay, Florida: associations of internal defense measurements with contaminant burdens. Aquat Toxicol 51(1):115-138.\
Food Standards Agency. 2003. Methylmercury in imported Fish and Shellfish and Their Products, UK Farmed Fish and Their Products. London. Available: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.food.gov.uk/multimedia/pdfs/fsis40_2003.pdf"}}{\fldrslt http://www.food.gov.uk/multimedia/pdfs/fsis40_2003.pdf }}[accessed 14 October 2003].\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl252\slmult1\sb5\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Food Standards Agency. 2006. Survey of Metals and Other Elements in Processed Fish and Shellfish. London. Available: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.food.gov.uk/multimedia/pdfs/fsis0806.pdf"}}{\fldrslt http://www.food.gov.uk/multimedia/pdfs/fsis0806.pdf }}[accessed May 3 2008].\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Forsyth DS, Casey V, Dabeka RW, McKenzie A. 2004. Methylmercury levels in predatory fish species marketed in Canada. Food Addit Contam 21(9):849-856.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl247\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Freeman HC, Horne DA. 1973. Sampling edible muscle of swordfish (
\i Xiphias gladius
\i0 ) for total mercury analysis. Journal of the Fisheries Research Board of Canada 30(8):1251-1252.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri698\sl252\slmult1\sb6\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Freeman HC, Shum G, Uthe JF. 1978. Selenium content in swordfish (
\i Xiphias gladius
\i0 ) in relation to total mercury content. J Environ Sci Health Part A-Environ Sci Eng Toxic Hazard Subst Control 13(3):235-240.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri686\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Garcia-Hernandez J, Cadena-Cardenas L, Betancourt-Lozano M, Garcia-De-La-Parra LM, Garcia-Rico L, Marquez-Farias F. 2007. Total Mercury Content Found in Edible Tissues of Top Predator Fish From the Gulf of California, Mexico. Toxicological and Environmental Chemistry 89(3):507- 522.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri652\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Garcia E, Carignan R. 2000. Mercury concentrations in northern pike (
\i Esox lucius
\i0 ) from boreal lakes with logged, burned, or undisturbed catchments. Can J Fish Aquat Sci 57:129-135.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Gawlik B, Druges M, Bianchi M, Bortoli A, Kettrup A, Muntau H. 1997. TUNA FISH (T-30) - A new proficiency testing material for the determination of As and Hg in seafood. Fresenius J Anal Chem 358(3):441-445.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\sl247\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Gerhart EH. 1977. Concentrations of total mercury in several fishes from Delaware Bay, 1975. Pesticides Monitoring Journal 11(3):132-133.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl252\slmult1\sb2\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Gerstenberger SL, Martinson A, Kramer JL. 2010. An evaluation of mercury concentrations in three brands of canned tuna. Environ Toxicol Chem 29(2):237-242.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri664\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Gilmartin M, Revelante N. 1975. Concentration of Mercury, Copper, Nickel, Silver, Cadmium, and Lead in Northern Adriatic Anchovy, 
\i Engraulis encrasicholus
\i0 , and Sardine, 
\i Sardina pilchardus
\i0 .\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Fishery Bulletin 73(1):193-201.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri1088\sl249\slmult1\sb93\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Green-Ruiz C, Ruelas-Inzunza J, Paez-Osuna F. 2005. Mercury in surface sediments and benthic organisms from Guaymas Bay, east coast of the Gulf of California. Environ Geochem Health 27(4):321-329.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri664\sl252\slmult1\sb5\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Green NW, Knutzen J. 2003. Organohalogens and metals in marine fish and mussels and some relationships to biological variables at reference localities in Norway. Mar Pollut Bull 46(3):362- 374.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Greenfield BK, Jahn A. 2010. Mercury in San Francisco Bay forage fish. Environ Pollut 158(8):2716- 2724.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri822\sl249\slmult1\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Greig\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 RA,\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Wenzloff\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 DR,\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Mackenzie\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 CL,\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Merrill\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 AS,\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Zdanowicz\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 VS.\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 1978.\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Trace\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 metals\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 in\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 sea\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 scallops, 
\i Placopecten\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-5
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 magellanicus
\i0 ,\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-5
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 from\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 eastern\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-5
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 United\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 States.\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-5
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Bull\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-6
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Environ\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Contam\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Toxicol\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-5
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 19(3):326- 334.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl247\slmult1\sb5\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Gunsen U. 2004. The residue levels of some toxic metals in different fish species. Indian Veterinary Journal 81(12):1339-1341.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri664\sl252\slmult1\sb6\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Gutierrez AJ, Lozano G, Gonzalez T, Reguera JI, Hardisson A. 2006. Mercury content in tinned molluscs (mussel, cockle, variegated scallop, and razor shell) normally consumed in Spain, 2005. J Food Prot 69(9):2237-2240.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Haines TA, Komov V, Jagoe CH. 1992. Lake acidity and mercury content of fish in Darwin National Reserve, Russia. Environ Pollut 78(1-3):107-112.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl247\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Hajeb P, Jinap S, Fatimah AB, Jamilah B. 2010. Methylmercury in marine fish from Malaysian waters and its relationship to total mercury content. Int J Environ Anal Chem 90(10):812-820.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl252\slmult1\sb6\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Hajeb P, Jinap S, Ismail A, Fatimah AB, Jamilah B, Rahim MA. 2009. Assessment of mercury level in commonly consumed marine fishes in Malaysia. Food Control 20(1):79-84.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Hall AS, Teeny FM, Lewis LG, Hardman WH, Gauglitz EJ. 1976. Mercury in fish and shellfish of northeast pacific. 1. Pacific Halibut, 
\i Hippoglossus stenolepis
\i0 . Fishery Bulletin 74(4):783-789.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl249\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Hall RA, Zook EG, Meaburn GM. 1978. National Marine Fisheries Service Survey of Trace Elements in the Fishery Resources. NOAA Technical Report NMFS SSRF-721. TR 721. Rockville, MD:National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, National Marine Fisheries Service.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl252\slmult1\sb4\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Hammerschmidt CR, Fitzgerald WF. 2006. Bioaccumulation and trophic transfer of methylmercury in Long Island Sound. Arch Environ Contam Toxicol 51(3):416-424.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri652\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Harding G, Dalziel J, Vass P. 2005. Prevalence and bioaccumulation of methylmercury in the food web of the Bay of Fundy, Gulf of Maine. In: The Changing Bay of Fundy - Beyond 400 Years Proceedings of the 6th Bay of Fundy Workshop (Percy JA, Evans AJ, Wells PG, Rolston SJ, eds). Cornwalis, Nova Scotia. September 29 - October 2, 2004. Environment Canada, Atlantic Region, 76-77.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Hardisson A, Padron AG, de Bonis A, Sierra A. 1999. Determination of mercury in fish by cold vapor atomic absorption spectrometry. Atom Spectrosc 20(5):191-193.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri1024\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Health Canada. 2007. Human Health Risk Assessment of Mercury in Fish and Health Benefits of Fish Consumption. Ottawa, Ontario. Available: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.hc-sc.gc.ca/fn-"}}{\fldrslt http://www.hc-sc.gc.ca/fn-}} an/pubs/mercur/merc_fish_poisson-eng.php [accessed 31 October 2011].\
\pard\pardeftab720\li277\sl-239\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Hellou J, Fancey LL, Payne JF. 1992a. Concentrations of 24 elements in bluefin tuna, 
\i Thunnus thynnus\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\sb6\partightenfactor0

\i0 \cf0 from the northwest Atlantic. Chemosphere 24(2):211-218.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl252\slmult1\sb13\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Hellou J, Warren WG, Payne JF, Belkhode S, Lobel P. 1992b. Heavy metals and other elements in 3 tissues of cod, 
\i Gadus morhua 
\i0 from the northwest. Atlantic Mar Pollut Bull 24(9):452-458.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Herreros MA, Inigo-Nunez S, Sanchez-Perez E, Encinas T, Gonzalez-Bulnes A. 2008. Contribution of fish\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 consumption\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 to\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 heavy\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 metals\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 exposure\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 in\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 women\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 of\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 childbearing\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 age\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 from\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 a\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Mediterranean country (Spain). Food Chem Toxicol\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 46(5):1591-1595.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri1243\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Horwitz\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 R,\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Ashley\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 J,\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Overbeck\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 P,\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Velinsky\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 D.\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 2005.\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Final\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Report:\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Routine\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Monitoring\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Program\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 for Toxics in Fish. Trenton, NJ. Available: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.state.nj.us/dep/dsr/final-report-"}}{\fldrslt http://www.state.nj.us/dep/dsr/final-report-}} routinemonitoing5-05.pdf [accessed 24 October 2007].\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl249\slmult1\sb93\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Hueter RE, Fong WG, Henderson G, French MF, Manire CA. 1995. Methylmercury concentration in shark muscle by species, size and distribution of sharks in Florida coastal waters. Water Air Soil Pollut 80(1-4):893-899.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl252\slmult1\sb5\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Ikem A, Egiebor NO. 2005. Assessment of trace elements in canned fishes (mackerel, tuna, salmon, sardines and herrings) marketed in Georgia and Alabama (United States of America). Journal of Food Composition and Analysis 18(8):771-787.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri664\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 International Pacific Halibut Commission. 2003. Methylmercury and Heavy Metal Contaminant Levels in Alaskan Halibut. Available: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.iphc.washington.edu/halcom/pubs/rara/2003rara/2k308RARA.pdf"}}{\fldrslt http://www.iphc.washington.edu/halcom/pubs/rara/2003rara/2k308RARA.pdf }}[accessed 19 July 2004].\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Jackson TA. 1991. Biological and environmental control of mercury accumulation by fish in lakes and reservoirs of Northern Manitoba, Canada. Can J Fish Aquat Sci 48(12):2449-2470.\
Jackson TA, Whittle DM, Evans MS, Muir DCG. 2008. Evidence for mass-independent and mass- dependent fractionation of the stable isotopes of mercury by natural processes in aquatic ecosystems. Appl Geochem 23(3):547-571.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl247\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Jaeger I, Hop H, Gabrielsen GW. 2009. Biomagnification of mercury in selected species from an Arctic marine food web in Svalbard. Sci Total Environ 407(16):4744-4751.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl249\slmult1\sb2\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Japanese Ministry of Health. 2003. Results of Mercury/Methylmercury in Fishes (Provisional Translation). Available: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.mhlw.go.jp/english/wp/other/councils/mercury/index.html"}}{\fldrslt http://www.mhlw.go.jp/english/wp/other/councils/mercury/index.html}} [accessed 28 January 2011].\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl249\slmult1\sb5\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Jardine LB, Burt MDB, Arp PA, Diamond AW. 2009. Mercury comparisons between farmed and wild Atlantic salmon (
\i Salmo salar 
\i0 L.) and Atlantic cod (
\i Gadus morhua 
\i0 L.). Aquac Res 40(10):1148- 1159.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri959\sl252\slmult1\sb5\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Jasmine\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 GI,\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Rajagopalsamy\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 CBT,\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Jeyachandran\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 P.\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 1989.\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Total\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 mercury\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 content\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 of\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Indian\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Squid\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-5
 
\i \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Loligo duvauceli\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-5
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 orbigny\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 
\i0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 from\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Tuticorin\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 waters,\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 south\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 east\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 coast\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 of\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 India.\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Indian\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 J\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-5
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Mar\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Sci\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 18(3):219- 220.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri664\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Jewett SC, Naidu AS. 2000. Assessment of heavy metals in red king crabs following offshore placer gold mining. Mar Pollut Bull 40(6):478-490.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri687\sl249\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Jokai Z, Abranko L, Fodor P. 2005. SPME-GC-pyrolysis-AFS determination of methylmercury in marine fish products by alkaline sample preparation and aqueous phase phenylation derivatization. J Agric Food Chem 53(14):5499-5505.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri979\sl249\slmult1\sb5\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Julshamn\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 K,\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Brenna\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 J.\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-5
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 2002.\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Determination\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 of\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 mercury\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 in\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 seafood\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 by\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 flow\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 injection-cold\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 vapor\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 atomic absorption\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-6
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 spectrometry\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-6
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 after\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-6
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 microwave\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-6
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 digestion:\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-7
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 NMKL\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-5
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Interlaboratory\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-6
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Study.\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-7
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 J\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-6
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 AOAC\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-5
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Int 85(3):626-631.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl249\slmult1\sb5\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Julshamn K, Grosvik BE, Nedreaas K, Maage A. 2006. Mercury concentration in fillets of Greenland halibut (
\i Reinhardtius hippoglossoides
\i0 ) caught in the Barents Sea in January 2006. Sci Total Environ 372(1):345-349.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri1569\sl249\slmult1\sb5\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Julshamn K, Lundebye AK, Heggstad K, Berntssen MHG, Boe B. 2004. Norwegian monitoring programme on the inorganic and organic contaminants in fish caught in the Barents\kerning1\expnd-8\expndtw-40
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Sea, Norwegian Sea and North Sea, 1994-2001. Food Addit Contam\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-7
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 21(4):365-376.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri987\sl252\slmult1\sb5\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Juresa\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 D,\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Blanusa\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 M.\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 2003.\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Mercury,\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 arsenic,\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 lead\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 and\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 cadmium\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 in\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 fish\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 and\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 shellfish\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 from\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 the\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Adriatic Sea. Food Addit Contam\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 20(3):241-246.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li277\sb1\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Kai N, Ueda T, Takeda Y, Kataoka A. 1987. Accumulation of mercury and selenium in blue marlin.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\sb9\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Nippon Suisan Gakkaishi 53(9):1697-1697.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl252\slmult1\sb12\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Kamps LR, Carr R, Miller H. 1972. Total mercury - monomethylmercury content of several species of fish. Bull Environ Contam Toxicol 8(5):273-279.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Kaneko JJ, Ralston NVC. 2007. Selenium and mercury in pelagic fish in the central north pacific near Hawaii. Biol Trace Elem Res 119:242-254.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri664\sl249\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Kannan K, Smith RG, Lee RF, Windom HL, Heitmuller PT, Macauley JM, et al. 1998. Distribution of total mercury and methyl mercury in water, sediment, and fish from south Florida estuaries. Arch Environ Contam Toxicol 34(2):109-118.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl249\slmult1\sb93\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Karouna-Renier NK, Snyder RA, Allison JG, Wagner MG, Rao KR. 2007. Accumulation of organic and inorganic contaminants in shellfish collected in estuarine waters near Pensacola, Florida: Contamination profiles and risks to human consumers. Environ Pollut 145(2):474-488.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li277\sb5\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Kawaguchi T, Porter D, Bushek D, Jones B. 1999. Mercury in the American oyster 
\i Crassostrea virginica\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\sb13\partightenfactor0

\i0 \cf0 in South Carolina, USA, and public health concerns. Mar Pollut Bull 38(4):324-327.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl247\slmult1\sb13\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Kehrig HDA, Costa M, Moreira I, Malm O. 2001. Methylmercury and total mercury in estuarine organisms from Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. Environ Sci Pollut Res 8(4):275-279.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri664\sl252\slmult1\sb6\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Kelso JRM, Frank R. 1974. Organochlorine residues, mercury, copper and cadmium in yellow perch, white bass and smallmouth bass, Long Point Bay, Lake Erie. Trans Am Fish Soc 103(3):577-581.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Khansari FE, Ghazi-Khansari M, Abdollahi M. 2005. Heavy metals content of canned tuna fish. Food Chem 93(2):293-296.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri1072\sl249\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Kidd KA, Hesslein RH, Fudge RJP, Hallard KA. 1995. The influence of trophic level as measured by delta N-15 on mercury concentrations in freshwater organisms. Water Air Soil Pollut 80(1- 4):1011-1015.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri864\sl252\slmult1\sb4\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Knight HT, Olson LJ. 1974. Mercury distribution in american smelt from Lake Michigan. Am Midl Nat 91(2):451-452.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Knobeloch LM, Ziarnik M, Anderson HA, Dodson VN. 1995. Imported sea bass as a source of mercury exposure - a Wisconsin case study. Environ Health Perspect 103(6):604-606.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri664\sl247\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Knowles TG, Farrington D, Kestin SC. 2003. Mercury in UK imported fish and shellfish and UK-farmed fish and their products. Food Addit Contam 20(9):813-818.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri664\sl249\slmult1\sb5\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Kojadinovic J, Potier M, Le Corre M, Cosson RP, Bustamante P. 2006. Mercury content in commercial pelagic fish and its risk assessment in the Western Indian Ocean. Sci Total Environ 366(2-3):688- 700.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl252\slmult1\sb5\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Kojadinovic J, Potier M, Le Corre M, Cosson RP, Bustamante P. 2007. Bioaccumulation of trace elements in pelagic fish from the Western Indian Ocean. Environ Pollut 146(2):548-566.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl247\slmult1\sb2\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Koli AK, Williams WR, McClary EB, Wright EL, Burrell TM. 1977. Mercury Levels in Freshwater Fish of State of South-Carolina. Bull Environ Contam Toxicol 17(1):82-89.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl252\slmult1\sb6\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Kraepiel AML, Keller K, Chin HB, Malcolm EG, Morel FMM. 2003. Sources and variations of mercury in tuna. Environ Sci Technol 37(24):5551-5558.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li277\sl-238\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Krystek P, Ritsema R. 2004. Determination of methylmercury and inorganic mercury in shark fillets.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\sb13\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Appl Organomet Chem 18(12):640-645.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl252\slmult1\sb13\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Kumar M, Aalbersberg B, Mosley L. 2004. IAS Technical Report Number: 2004/03, Mercury Levels in Fijian Seafoods and Potential Health Implications, Report for World Health Organization.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri830\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Kutter VT, Mirlean N, Baisch PRM, Kutter MT, Silva E. 2009. Mercury in freshwater, estuarine, and marine fishes from Southern Brazil and its ecological implication. Environ Monit Assess 159(1- 4):35-42.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Kwoczek M, Szefer P, Hac E. 2006. Essential and toxic elements in seafood available in Poland from different geographical regions. J Agric Food Chem 54(8):3015-3024.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri664\sl249\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Laperdina TG, Askarova OB, Papina TS, Eirikh SS, Sorokovikova LM. 1997. Methodological features of the determination of mercury in fish samples (Using fish from the Kureiskoe Reservoir as an example). J Anal Chem 52(6):584-589.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl252\slmult1\sb2\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Legrand M, Arp P, Ritchie C, Chan HM. 2005. Mercury exposure in two coastal communities of the Bay of Fundy, Canada. Environ Res 98(1):14-21.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Levine\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 KE,\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-5
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Levine\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 MA,\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Weber\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-5
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 FX,\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Henderson\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 JP,\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-5
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Grohse\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 PM.\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 2005.\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-5
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Mercury\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 in\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 an\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 assortment\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-5
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 of processed\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-5
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 and\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-5
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 unprocessed\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 seafood\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-5
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 samples.\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-5
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Bull\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-6
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Environ\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-5
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Contam\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Toxicol\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-6
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 74(5):973-979.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl247\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Lewis\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-5
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 MA,\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Quarles\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-5
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 RL,\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Dantin\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 DD,\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-5
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Moore\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 JC.\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-5
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 2004.\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Evaluation\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 of\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-5
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 a\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Florida\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 coastal\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 golf\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 complex\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 as\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 a local and watershed source of bioavailable contaminants. Mar Pollut Bull\kerning1\expnd-7\expndtw-32
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 48(3-4):254-262.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri825\sl249\slmult1\sb5\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Licata\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 P,\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Trombetta\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 D,\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Cristani\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 M,\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Naccari\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 C,\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Martino\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 D,\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Calo\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 M,\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 et\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 al.\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 2005.\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Heavy\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 metals\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 in\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 liver\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 and muscle\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 of\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-5
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 bluefin\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 tuna\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 (
\i Thunnus\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 thynnus
\i0 )\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-5
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 caught\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 in\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 the\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 straits\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-5
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 of\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Messina\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 (Sicily,\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-5
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Italy).\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Environ Monit Assess\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw1
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 107(1-3):239-248.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl252\slmult1\sb93\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Linko RR, Terho K. 1977. Occurrence of methyl mercury in pike and baltic herring from Turku Archipelago. Environ Pollut 14(3):227-235.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Locascio JV, Rudershausen PJ. 2000. An Evaluation of Mercury Levels in Spotted Seatrout in Torpon Bay, J.N. "Ding" Darling Wildlife Rufuge, Sanibel, Florida, With Reference to Previous Studies. Biological Sciences 63(4):256-260.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri664\sl247\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Lockhart WL, Stern GA, Low G, Hendzel M, Boila G, Roach P, et al. 2005. A history of total mercury in edible muscle of fish from lakes in northern Canada. Sci Total Environ 351:427-463.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl252\slmult1\sb6\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Lourenco HM, Anacleto P, Afonso C, Ferraria V, Martins MF, Carvalho ML, et al. 2009. Elemental composition of cephalopods from Portuguese continental waters. Food Chem 113(4):1146-1153.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri907\sl252\slmult1\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Lowenstein\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 J,\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Burger\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 J,\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Jeitner\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 C,\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Amato\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 G,\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Kolokotronis\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 S,\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Gochfeld\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 M.\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 2010.\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 DNA\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Barcodes\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Reveal Species-specific\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Mercury\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Levels\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 in\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Tuna\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Sushi\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 That\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-5
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Pose\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 a\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Health\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Risk\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 to\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Consumers.\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-5
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Biology Letters 6(5):692-695.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Lower Duwamish Waterway Group. 2005. Lower Duwamish Waterway Cleanup: Fish and Crab Tissue Data Report. Available: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ldwg.org/assets/fish_crab_tissue/appendix_a-"}}{\fldrslt http://www.ldwg.org/assets/fish_crab_tissue/appendix_a-}} data_tables_final.pdf [accessed 2 December 2010].\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri702\sl249\slmult1\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Luckhurst BE, Prince ED, Llopiz JK, Snodgrass D, Brothers EB. 2006. Evidence of blue marlin (
\i Makaira nigricans
\i0 )\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-5
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 spawning\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 in\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Bermuda\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 waters\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-5
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 and\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 elevated\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 mercury\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 levels\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 in\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 large\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 specimens.\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-5
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Bull\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-5
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Mar Sci 79(3):691-704.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl247\slmult1\sb2\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Madany IM, Wahab AAA, AlAlawi Z. 1996. Trace metals concentrations in marine organisms from the coastal areas of Bahrain, Arabian Gulf. Water Air Soil Pollut 91(3-4):233-248.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\sl252\slmult1\sb7\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Madenjian C, O'Connor D. 2008. Trophic Transfer Efficiency of Mercury to Lake Whitefish 
\i Coregonus clupeaformis 
\i0 from its Prey. Bull Environ Contam Toxicol 81(6):566-570.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri664\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Magalhaes MC, Costa V, Menezes GM, Pinho MR, Santos RS, Monteiro LR. 2007. Intra- and inter- specific variability in total and methylmercury bioaccumulation by eight marine fish species from the Azores. Mar Pollut Bull 54(10):1654-1662.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl247\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Marcovecchio JE, Moreno VJ, Perez A. 1986. Bio-magnification of total mercury in Bahia Blanca Estuary shark. Mar Pollut Bull 17(6):276-278.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl252\slmult1\sb6\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Marcovecchio\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 JE,\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Moreno\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 VJ,\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Perez\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 A.\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 1991.\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Metal\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 accumulation\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 in\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 tissues\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 of\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 sharks\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 from\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 the\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Bahia Blanca Estuary, Argentina. Mar Environ Res\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw1
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 31(4):263-274.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Marsico\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 ET,\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Machado\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 MES,\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Knoff\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 M,\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Clemente\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 SCS.\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 2007.\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Total\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 mercury\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 in\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 sharks\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 along\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 the\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 southern Brazilian Coast. Arq Bras Med Vet Zootec\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw2
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 59(6):1593-1596.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Mason RP, Heyes D, Sveinsdottir A. 2006. Methylmercury concentrations in fish from tidal waters of the Chesapeake Bay. Arch Environ Contam Toxicol 51(3):425-437.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri664\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 McArthur T, Butler ECV, Jackson GD. 2003. Mercury in the marine food chain in the Southern Ocean at Macquarie Island: an analysis of a top predator, Patagonian toothfish (
\i Dissostichus eleginoides
\i0 ) and a mid-trophic species, the warty squid (
\i Moroteuthis ingens
\i0 ). Polar Biol 27(1):1-5.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 McKelvey W, Chang M, Arnason J, Jeffery N, Kricheff J, Kass D. 2010. Mercury and polychlorinated biphenyls in Asian market fish: A response to results from mercury biomonitoring in New York City. Environ Res 110(7):650-657.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri1217\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Meador JP, Ernest DW, Kagley AN. 2005. A comparison of the non-essential elements cadmium, mercury,\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-5
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 and\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-5
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 lead\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 found\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 in\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 fish\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 and\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 sediment\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-5
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 from\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Alaska\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 and\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 California.\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-5
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Sci\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-5
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Total\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-5
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Environ 339(1-3):189-205.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl247\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Menasveta\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 P,\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Siriyong\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 R.\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 1977.\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Mercury\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 content\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 of\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 severeal\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 predacious\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 fish\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 in\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Andaman\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Sea.\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Mar\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Pollut Bull 8(9):200-204.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl249\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Mendez E, Giudice H, Pereira A, Inocente G, Medina D. 2001. Total mercury content - Fish weight relationship in swordfish (
\i Xiphias gladius
\i0 ) caught in the southwest Atlantic Ocean. Journal of Food Composition and Analysis 14(5):453-460.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl252\slmult1\sb5\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Miller GE, Rowland FS, Steinkru.Fj, Grant PM, Guinn VP, Kishore R. 1972. Mercury concentration in museum specimens of tuna and swordfish. Science 175(4026):1121-1122.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Miller TJ, Jude DJ. 1984. Organochlorine pesticides, PBBs, and mercury in round whitefish fillets from Saginaw Bay, Lake Huron, 1977-1978. J Gt Lakes Res 10(2):215-220.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl249\slmult1\sb93\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Ministry of Agriculture Fisheries and Food. 1998. Concentrations of Metals and Other Elements in Marine fish and Shellfish. Available: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://archive.food.gov.uk/maff/archive/food/infsheet/1998/no151/151fish.htm"}}{\fldrslt http://archive.food.gov.uk/maff/archive/food/infsheet/1998/no151/151fish.htm }}[accessed 18\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\sb5\partightenfactor0
\cf0 March 2011].\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri1001\sl249\slmult1\sb13\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Mol JH, Ramlal JS, Lietar C, Verloo M. 2001. Mercury contamination in freshwater, estuarine, and marine fishes in relation to small-scale gold mining in Suriname, South America. Environ Res 86(2):183-197.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl252\slmult1\sb5\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Monteiro LR, Lopes HD. 1990. Merucy content of swordfish, 
\i Xiphias gladius
\i0 , in relation to length, weight, age, and sex. Mar Pollut Bull 21(6):293-296.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li277\sl-238\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Mueller CS, Ramelow GJ, Beck JN. 1989. Mercury in the Calcasieu River Lake Complex, Louisiana.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\sb13\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Bull Environ Contam Toxicol 42(1):71-80.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri664\sl249\slmult1\sb13\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Nadal M, Ferre-Huguet N, Marti-Cid R, Schuhmacher M, Domingo JL. 2008. Exposure to metals through the consumption of fish and seafood by the population living near the Ebro River in Catalonia, Spain: Health risks. Hum Ecol Risk Assess 14(4):780-795.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl252\slmult1\sb5\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Nakagawa R, Yumita Y, Hiromoto M. 1997. Total mercury intake from fish and shellfish by Japanese people. Chemosphere 35(12):2909-2913.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Nakao M, Seoka M, Tsukamasa Y, Kawasaki K, Ando M. 2007. Possibility for decreasing of mercury content in bluefin tuna 
\i Thunnus orientalis 
\i0 by fish culture. Fisheries Science 73(3):724-731.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri755\sl249\slmult1\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Nakao\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 M,\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Seoka\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 M,\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Nakatani\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 M,\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Okada\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 T,\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Miyashita\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 S,\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Tsukamasa\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Y,\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 et\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 al.\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 2009.\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Reduction\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 of\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 mercury levels in cultured bluefin tuna, 
\i Thunnus orientalis
\i0 , using feed with relatively low mercury levels. Aquaculture\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw1
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 288(3-4):226-232.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl247\slmult1\sb3\partightenfactor0
\cf0 National Marine Fisheries Service. 1975. Southwest Fisheries Center Administrative Report No. 2H, 1975, Mercury in the Pacific Blue Marlin.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri737\sl252\slmult1\sb7\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Nfon E, Cousins IT, Jarvinen O, Mukherjee AB, Verta M, Broman D. 2009. Trophodynamics of mercury and other trace elements in a pelagic food chain from the Baltic Sea. Sci Total Environ 407(24):6267-6274.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 NOAA (National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration). 2008. National Status and Trends Mussel Watch Program. Available: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://nsandt.noaa.gov/"}}{\fldrslt http://nsandt.noaa.gov/ }}[accessed 9 September 2008].\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl247\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Oh KS, Suh J, Park S, Paek OA, Yoon HJ, Kim HY, et al. 2008. Mercury and methylmercury levels in marine fish species from Korean retail markets. Food Sci Biotechnol 17(4):819-823.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri909\sl252\slmult1\sb6\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Orban\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 E,\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Nevigato\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 T,\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Di\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Lena\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 G,\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Masci\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 M,\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Casini\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 I,\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Garnbelli\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 L,\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 et\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 al.\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 2008.\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 New\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-1
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 trends\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 in\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 the\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 seafood market.\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-7
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Sutchi\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-6
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 catfish\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-6
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 (
\i Pangasius\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-7
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 hypophthalmus
\i0 )\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-6
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 fillets\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-6
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 from\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-5
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Vietnam:\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-7
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Nutritional\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-6
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 quality\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-6
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 and safety aspects. Food Chem\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 110(2):383-389.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Ozden O. 2010. Seasonal differences in the trace metal and macrominerals in shrimp (
\i Parapenaus longirostris
\i0 ) from Marmara Sea. Environ Monit Assess 162(1-4):191-199.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl249\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Padula DJ, Daughtry BJ, Nowak BF. 2008. Dioxins, PCBs, metals, metalloids, pesticides and antimicrobial residues in wild and farmed Australian southern bluefin tuna (
\i Thunnus maccoyii
\i0 ). Chemosphere 72(1):34-44.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li277\sb4\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Panutrakul S, Khamdech S, Kerdthong P, Senanan W, Tangkrock-Olan N, Alcivar-Warren A. 2007.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\ri758\sl252\slmult1\sb8\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Heavy metals in wild banana prawn (
\i Fenneropenaeus merguiensis 
\i0 de Man, 1888) from Chantaburi and Trat provinces, Thailand. J Shellfish Res 26(4):1193-1202.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl252\slmult1\sb2\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Papetti P, Rossi G. 2009. Heavy metals in the fishery products of low Lazio and the use of metallothionein as a biomarker of contamination. Environ Monit Assess 159(1-4):589-598.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Park J, Presley BJ. 1997. Trace metals contamination of sediments and organisms from the Swan Lake area of Galveston Bay. Environ Pollut 98(2):209-221.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl249\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Pastor A, Hernandez F, Peris MA, Beltran J, Sancho JV, Castillo MT. 1994. Levels of heavy metals in some marine organisms from the western Mediterranean area (Spain). Mar Pollut Bull 28(1):50- 53.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl249\slmult1\sb4\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Paul MC, Toia RF, von Nagy-Felsobuki EI. 2003. A novel method for the determination of mercury and selenium in shark tissue using high-resolution inductively coupled plasma-mass spectrometry. Spectroc Acta Pt B-Atom Spectr 58(9):1687-1697.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl252\slmult1\sb93\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Payne EJ, Taylor DL. 2010. Effects of Diet Composition and Trophic Structure on Mercury Bioaccumulation in Temperate Flatfishes. Arch Environ Contam Toxicol 58(2):431-443.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Penedo de Pinho A, Davee Guimaraes JR, Martins AS, Costa PAS, Olavo G, Valentin J. 2002. Total mercury in muscle tissue of five shark species from Brazilian offshore waters: effects of feeding habit, sex, and length. Environ Res 89(3):250-258.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri1152\sl249\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Perello G, Marti-Cid R, Llobet JM, Domingo JL. 2008. Effects of Various Cooking Processes on the Concentrations of Arsenic, Cadmium, Mercury, and Lead in Foods. J Agric Food Chem 56(23):11262-11269.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri792\sl247\slmult1\sb5\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Petersen A, Mortensen GK. 1994. Trace elements in shellfish on the Danish market. Food Addit Contam 11(3):365-373.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl249\slmult1\sb6\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Piraino MN, Taylor DL. 2009. Bioaccumulation and trophic transfer of mercury in striped bass (
\i Morone saxatilis
\i0 ) and tautog (
\i Tautoga onitis
\i0 ) from the Narragansett Bay (Rhode Island, USA). Mar Environ Res 67(3):117-128.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl252\slmult1\sb5\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Plessi M, Bertelli D, Monzani A. 2001. Mercury and selenium content in selected seafood. Journal of Food Composition and Analysis 14(5):461-467.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri664\sl247\slmult1\sb2\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Polak-Juszczak L. 2009. Temporal trends in the bioaccumulation of trace metals in herring, sprat, and cod from the southern Baltic Sea in the 1994-2003 period. Chemosphere 76(10):1334-1339.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl249\slmult1\sb6\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Poperechna N, Heumann KG. 2005. Simultaneous multi-species determination of trimethyllead, monomethylmercury and three butyltin compounds by species-specific isotope dilution GC-ICP- MS in biological samples. Anal Bioanal Chem 383(2):153-159.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl252\slmult1\sb5\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Rahman SA, Wood AK, Sarmani S, Majid AA. 1997. Determination of mercury and organic mercury contents in Malaysian seafood. J Radioanal Nucl Chem 217(1):53-56.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri1119\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Ramlal PS, Bugenyi FWB, Kling GW, Nriagu JO, Rudd JWM, Campbell LM. 2003. Mercury concentrations in water, sediment, and biota from Lake Victoria, East Africa. J Gt Lakes Res 29:283-291.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl247\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Rasmussen RS, Morrissey MT. 2007. Effects of canning on total mercury, protein, lipid, and moisture content in troll-caught albacore tuna (
\i Thunnus alalunga
\i0 ). Food Chem 101(3):1130-1135.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\sl252\slmult1\sb6\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Ray S, Jessop BM, Coffin J, Swetnam DA. 1984. Mercury and Polychlorinated-Biphenyls in Striped Bass (
\i Morone saxatilis
\i0 ) from 2 Nova-Scotia Rivers. Water Air Soil Pollut 21(1-4):15-23.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Raymond B, Rossmann R. 2009. Total and methyl mercury accumulation in 1994-1995 Lake Michigan lake trout and forage fish. J Gt Lakes Res 35(3):438-446.\
Rider S, Adams D. 2000. Mercury Concentrations in Spotted Seatrout from Northwest Florida. Gulf of Mexico Science 2:97-103.\
Riget F, Moller P, Dietz R, Nielsen TG, Asmund G, Strand J, et al. 2007. Transfer of mercury in the marine food web of West Greenland. J Environ Monit 9(8):877-883.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri664\sl247\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Rivers JB, Pearson JE, Shultz CD. 1972. Total and organic mercury in marine fish. Bull Environ Contam Toxicol 8(5):257-265.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li277\sb4\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Rolfhus KR, Sandheinrich MB, Wiener JG, Bailey SW, Thoreson KA, Hammerschmidt CR. 2008.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\ri859\sl247\slmult1\sb13\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Analysis of fin clips as a nonlethal method for monitoring mercury in fish. Environ Sci Technol 42(3):871-877.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl252\slmult1\sb6\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Romeo M, Siau Y, Sidoumou Z, Gnassia-Barelli M. 1999. Heavy metal distribution in different fish species from the Mauritania coast. Sci Total Environ 232(3):169-175.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl247\slmult1\sb2\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Ruelas-Inzunza J, Paez-Osuna F. 2005. Mercury in fish and shark tissues from two coastal lagoons in the gulf of California, Mexico. Bull Environ Contam Toxicol 74(2):294-300.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri1177\sl249\slmult1\sb7\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Ruelas-Inzunza J, Garcia-Rosales SB, Paez-Osuna F. 2004. Distribution of mercury in adult penaeid shrimps from Altata-Ensenada del Pabellon lagoon (SE Gulf of California). Chemosphere 57(11):1657-1661.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri1049\sl249\slmult1\sb5\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Ruelas-Inzunza J, Meza-Lopez G, Paez-Osuna F. 2008. Mercury in fish that are of dietary importance from\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 the\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 coasts\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 of\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Sinaloa\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 (SE\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Gulf\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 of\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 California).\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Journal\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 of\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Food\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Composition\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 and\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Analysis 21(3):211-218.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri664\sl249\slmult1\sb93\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Sahuquillo I, Lagarda MJ, Silvestre MD, Farre R. 2007. Methylmercury determination in fish and seafood products and estimated daily intake for the Spanish population. Food Addit Contam 24(8):869- 876.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri664\sl252\slmult1\sb5\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Sajwan KS, Kumar KS, Paramasivam S, Compton SS, Richardson JP. 2008. Elemental status in sediment and American oyster collected from Savannah marsh/estuarine ecosystem: A preliminary assessment. Arch Environ Contam Toxicol 54(2):245-258.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 San Francisco Estuary Institute. 2007. California Bay \'96 Delta Authority Fish Mercury Project: Year 2 Annual Report (Sport Fish Sampling and Analysis). Contribution no. 535. Available: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://legacy.sfei.org/rmp/data/rmpfishtissue.htm"}}{\fldrslt http://legacy.sfei.org/rmp/data/rmpfishtissue.htm }}[accessed 10 April 2008].\
San Francisco Public Utilities Commission. 2006. Southwest Ocean Outfall Regional Monitoring Program, Eight Year Summary Report, 1997-2004 San Francisco. Available: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://sfwater.org/main.cfm/MC_ID/4/MSC_ID/83"}}{\fldrslt http://sfwater.org/main.cfm/MC_ID/4/MSC_ID/83 }}[accessed 27 January 2011].\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri933\sl252\slmult1\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Santerre\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 CR,\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Bush\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 PB,\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Xu\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 DH,\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Lewis\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 GW,\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Davis\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 JT,\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Grodner\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 RM,\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 et\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 al.\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 2001.\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Metal\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 residues\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 in\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 farm- raised\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 channel\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-5
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 catfish,\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-5
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 rainbow\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 trout,\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-5
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 and\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 red\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 swamp\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 crayfish\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 from\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 the\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 southern\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 US.\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-5
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 J\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-5
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Food\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Sci 66(2):270-273.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri706\sl249\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Santoyo\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 MM,\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Figueroa\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 JAL,\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Wrobel\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 K.\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 2009.\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Analytical\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 speciation\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 of\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 mercury\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 in\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 fish\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 tissues\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 by\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 reversed phase liquid chromatography-inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometry with Bi3+ as internal standard. Talanta\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw1
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 79(3):706-711.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl247\slmult1\sb1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Schetagne R, Doyon JF, Fournier JJ. 2000. Export of mercury downstream from reservoirs. Sci Total Environ 260(1-3):135-145.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl252\slmult1\sb6\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Scheuhammer AM, Graham JE. 1999. The bioaccumulation of mercury in aquatic organisms from two similar lakes with differing pH. Ecotoxicology 8(1):49-56.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li277\sl-238\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Schuler LJ, Howell JP, Heagler MG. 2000. Mercury concentrations in Louisiana and Chinese crayfish.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\sb13\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Bull Environ Contam Toxicol 64(1):27-32.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri664\sl249\slmult1\sb13\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Senn DB, Chesney EJ, Blum JD, Bank MS, Maage A, Shine JP. 2010. Stable Isotope (N, C, Hg) Study of Methylmercury Sources and Trophic Transfer in the Northern Gulf of Mexico. Environ Sci Technol 44(5):1630-1637.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri664\sl252\slmult1\sb5\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Shim SM, Dorworth LE, Lasrado JA, Santerre CR. 2004. Mercury and fatty acids in canned tuna, salmon, and mackerel. J Food Sci 69(9):C681-C684.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Shim SM, Lasrado JA, Dorworth LE, Santerre CR. 2005. Mercury and Omega-3 fatty acids in retail fish sandwiches. J Food Prot 68(3):633-635.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Shomura R, Craig W. 1974. Mercury in Several Species of Billfishes Taken Off Hawaii and Southern California Kailua-Kona, Hawaii:Proceedings of the International Billfish Symposium.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li277\sl-238\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Shultz CD, Crear D. 1976. Distribution of total and organic mercury in 7 tissues of Pacific blue marlin,\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\sb12\partightenfactor0

\i \cf0 Makaira nigricans
\i0 . Pacific Science 30(2):101-107.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl247\slmult1\sb13\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Shultz CD, Ito BM. 1979. Mercury and selenium in blue marlin, 
\i Makaira nigricans
\i0 , from the Hawaiian Islands. Fishery Bulletin 76(4):872-879.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri964\sl249\slmult1\sb6\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Soegianto A, Moehammadi N, Irawan B, Affandi M, Hamami. 2010. Mercury concentrations in edible species harvested from Gresik coast, Indonesia and its health risk assessment. Cah Biol Mar 51(1):1-8.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri762\sl252\slmult1\sb5\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Soto-Jimenez MF, Amezcua F, Gonzalez-Ledesma R. 2010. Nonessential Metals in Striped Marlin and Indo-Pacific Sailfish in the Southeast Gulf of California, Mexico: Concentration and Assessment of Human Health Risk. Arch Environ Contam Toxicol 58(3):810-818.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 State of Alaska Department of Environmental Conservation. 2009. Total Mercury Concentrations in Alaskan Fishes. Available: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://dec.alaska.gov/eh/docs/vet/metals%2009-11-19.pdf"}}{\fldrslt http://dec.alaska.gov/eh/docs/vet/metals%2009-11-19.pdf }}[accessed 26 January 2011].\
\pard\pardeftab720\li277\sl-239\partightenfactor0
\cf0 State of Delaware. 2010. Department of Natural Resources and Environmental Control Open Files.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\sb11\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Available: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.dnrec.state.de.us/fw/advisory.htm"}}{\fldrslt http://www.dnrec.state.de.us/fw/advisory.htm }}[accessed 29 November 2010].\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl249\slmult1\sb13\partightenfactor0
\cf0 State of Louisiana. 2011. Department of Environmental Quality Mercury Fish Tissue Data 2005-2010 (Data file). Available: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.deq.louisiana.gov/portal/default.aspx?tabid=1633"}}{\fldrslt http://www.deq.louisiana.gov/portal/default.aspx?tabid=1633 }}[accessed 4 February 2011].\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\sl252\slmult1\sb93\partightenfactor0
\cf0 State of Maryland. 2007. Toxics Data Sets. Available: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://archive.chesapeakebay.net/data/historicaldb/toxicsmain.htm"}}{\fldrslt http://archive.chesapeakebay.net/data/historicaldb/toxicsmain.htm }}[accessed 24 October 2007].\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 State of Michigan. 2011. Fish Contaminant Monitoring Program Online Database. Available: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.deq.state.mi.us/fcmp/"}}{\fldrslt http://www.deq.state.mi.us/fcmp/ }}[accessed 25 February 2011].\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 State of New Jersey. 2004. Routine Monitoring For Toxics in Fish Program Available: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.state.nj.us/dep/dsr/task1.pdf"}}{\fldrslt http://www.state.nj.us/dep/dsr/task1.pdf }}(Task I- Appendix I. Draft Summary of Chemical Contaminant Concentrations) and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.state.nj.us/dep/dsr/task2.pdf"}}{\fldrslt http://www.state.nj.us/dep/dsr/task2.pdf }}(Task 2) [accessed 29 November 2011].\
\pard\pardeftab720\li277\sl-240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 State of New Jersey. 2008. Routine Monitoring Program for Toxics in Fish: Year 3 Raritan River Region.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\ri758\sl252\slmult1\sb7\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Available: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.state.nj.us/dep/dsr/fishmonitoring-year3.pdf"}}{\fldrslt http://www.state.nj.us/dep/dsr/fishmonitoring-year3.pdf }}[accessed 29 November 2011].\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri1094\sl247\slmult1\sb2\partightenfactor0
\cf0 State of North Carolina. 2011. Statewide Fish Tissue Metals Results Available: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://portal.ncdenr.org/web/wq/ess/bau/fish-tissue-data"}}{\fldrslt http://portal.ncdenr.org/web/wq/ess/bau/fish-tissue-data, }}for 1990-2010 [accessed 26 January\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\sb6\partightenfactor0
\cf0 2011].\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\sl252\slmult1\sb13\partightenfactor0
\cf0 State of Virginia. 2009. Department of Environmental Quality Fish Tissue Results Summary. Available: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.deq.state.va.us/fishtissue/fishtissue.html"}}{\fldrslt http://www.deq.state.va.us/fishtissue/fishtissue.html }}[accessed 21 July 2009].\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri1142\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Storelli MM, Marcotrigiano GO. 2001. Total mercury levels in muscle tissue of swordfish (
\i Xiphias gladius
\i0 ) and bluefin tuna (
\i Thunnus thynnus
\i0 ) from the Mediterranean Sea (Italy). J Food Prot 64(7):1058-1061.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Storelli MM, Stuffler RG, Marcotrigiano GO. 1998. Total mercury in muscle of benthic and pelagic fish from the South Adriatic Sea (Italy). Food Addit Contam 15(8):876-883.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl247\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Storelli MM, Stuffler RG, Marcotrigiano GO. 2002. Total and methylmercury residues in tuna-fish from the Mediterranean sea. Food Addit Contam 19(8):715-720.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl252\slmult1\sb3\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Storelli MM, Giacominelli-Stuffler R, Storelli A, Marcotrigiano GO. 2005. Accumulation of mercury, cadmium, lead and arsenic in swordfish and bluefin tuna from the Mediterranean Sea: A comparative study. Mar Pollut Bull 50(9):1004-1007.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Storelli MM, Giacominelli-Stuffler R, Storelli A, Marcotrigiano GO. 2006. Cadmium and mercury in cephalopod molluscs: Estimated weekly intake. Food Addit Contam 23(1):25-30.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl247\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Storelli MM, Barone G, Piscitelli G, Marcotrigiano GO. 2007. Mercury in fish: Concentration vs. fish size and estimates of mercury intake. Food Addit Contam 24(12):1353-1357.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri669\sl252\slmult1\sb6\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Storelli MM, Garofalo R, Giungato D, Giacominelli-Stuffler R. 2010. Intake of essential and non- essential elements from consumption of octopus, cuttlefish and squid. Food Addit Contam Part B- Surveill 3(1):14-18.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Storelli MM, Giacominelli-Stuffler R, Storelli A, D'Addabbo R, Palermo C, Marcotrigiano GO. 2003. Survey of total mercury and methylmercury levels in edible fish from the Adriatic Sea. Food Addit Contam 20(12):1114-1119.\
Strom DG, Graves GA. 2001. A comparison of mercury in estuarine fish between Florida Bay and the Indian River Lagoon, Florida, USA. Estuaries 24(4):597-609.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri875\sl249\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Suk SH, Smith SE, Ramon DA. 2009. Bioaccumulation of mercury in pelagic sharks from the northeast Pacific Ocean. CalCOFI Rep., Vol. 50, 2009. La Jolla, CA. Available: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://calcofi.org/publications/calcofireports/v50/172-177_Suk.pdf"}}{\fldrslt http://calcofi.org/publications/calcofireports/v50/172-177_Suk.pdf }}[accessed 3 May 2011].\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl249\slmult1\sb2\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Tahan JE, Sanchez JM, Granadillo VA, Cubillan HS, Romero RA. 1995. Concentrations of total Al, Cr, Cu, Fe, Hg, Na, Pb, and Zn in commercial canned seafood determined by atomic spectrometric means after mineralization by microwave heating. J Agric Food Chem 43(4):910-915.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri664\sl252\slmult1\sb5\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Tam SYK, Mok CS. 1991. Metallic contamination in oyster and other seafood in Hong Kong. Food Addit Contam 8(3):333-342.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri664\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Teeny FM, Hall AS, Gauglitz EJ. 1974. Reduction of mercury in sablefish (
\i Anoplopoma fimbria
\i0 ) and use of treated flesh in smoked products. Marine Fisheries Review 36(5):15-17.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri664\sl247\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Thieleke J. 1973. Mercury Levels in five Species of Commercially Important Pelagic fish Taken From the Pacific Ocean Near Hawaii [PhD Dissertation]. Madison, WI: University of Wisconsin, Madison.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri1251\sl249\slmult1\sb93\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Thomson B, Lee L. 2009. Mercury content in imported fin fish. Available: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodsafety.govt.nz/elibrary/industry/Mercury_Content-Quantifies_Residues.pdf"}}{\fldrslt http://www.foodsafety.govt.nz/elibrary/industry/Mercury_Content-Quantifies_Residues.pdf}} [accessed 2 December 2010].\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl252\slmult1\sb5\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Torres-Escribano S, Velez D, Montoro R. 2010. Mercury and methylmercury bioaccessibility in swordfish. Food Addit Contam Part A-Chem 27(3):327-337.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl249\slmult1\sb2\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Tyrell L, McHugh B, Glynn D, Twomey M, Joyce E, Costello J, et al. 2005. Trace Metal Concentrations in Various Fish Species Landed at Selected Irish Ports, 2003. Abbotstown, Dublin:Marine Environment and Health Series.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl247\slmult1\sb5\partightenfactor0
\cf0 USEPA (U.S. Environmental Protection Agency). 2004. Environmental Monitoring and Assessment Program (EMAP). Available: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.epa.gov/emap/"}}{\fldrslt http://www.epa.gov/emap/ }}(EPA West) [accessed 26 April 2004].\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl252\slmult1\sb6\partightenfactor0
\cf0 USEPA (U.S. Environmental Protection Agency). 2005. Proceedings of the 2005 National Forum on Contaminants in Fish, Analysis of Chemical Contaminant Levels in Store-Bought Fish from Washington State. Available: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://water.epa.gov/scitech/swguidance/fishshellfish/techguidance/upload/2008_11_18_fish_foru"}}{\fldrslt http://water.epa.gov/scitech/swguidance/fishshellfish/techguidance/upload/2008_11_18_fish_foru}} m_2005_proceedings2005.pdf [accessed 3 November 2011].\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri664\sl247\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 USEPA (U.S. Environmental Protection Agency). 2006a. Mid-Atlantic Integrated Assessment (MAIA). Available: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.epa.gov/emap/maia/html/data/estuary/9798/"}}{\fldrslt http://www.epa.gov/emap/maia/html/data/estuary/9798/ }}[accessed 22 February 2006].\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl249\slmult1\sb6\partightenfactor0
\cf0 USEPA (U.S. Environmental Protection Agency). 2006b. Regional Environmental Monitoring and Assessment Program (REMAP). Available: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.epa.gov/emap/remap/html/data.html"}}{\fldrslt http://www.epa.gov/emap/remap/html/data.html}} (Texas, 1993-1994) [accessed 21 June 2006].\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl249\slmult1\sb5\partightenfactor0
\cf0 USEPA (U.S. Environmental Protection Agency). 2007. Environmental Monitoring and Assessment Program (EMAP). Available: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.epa.gov/emap/"}}{\fldrslt http://www.epa.gov/emap/ }}(Carolinian Province 1994-1997) [accessed 24 October 2007].\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\sl252\slmult1\sb5\partightenfactor0
\cf0 USEPA (U.S. Environmental Protection Agency). 2008. National Coastal Assessment. Available: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.epa.gov/emap/nca/html/data/index.html"}}{\fldrslt http://www.epa.gov/emap/nca/html/data/index.html }}[accessed 3 October 2008].\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\sl247\slmult1\sb2\partightenfactor0
\cf0 USEPA (U.S. Environmental Protection Agency). 2011a. National Listing of Fish Advisories. Available: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://map1.epa.gov/"}}{\fldrslt http://map1.epa.gov }}[accessed 14 September 2011].\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl249\slmult1\sb7\partightenfactor0
\cf0 USEPA\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-7
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 (U.S.\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-7
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Environmental\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Protection\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-7
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Agency).\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 2011b.\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Environmental\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-7
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Monitoring\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-7
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 and\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-7
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Assessment Program (EMAP). Available: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.epa.gov/emap/"}}{\fldrslt http://www.epa.gov/emap/ }}(Virginian Province 1991-1993) [accessed 3 February\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 2011].\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl252\slmult1\sb5\partightenfactor0
\cf0 USEPA\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-5
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 (U.S.\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-6
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Environmental\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-6
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Protection\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-5
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Agency).\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-7
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 2011c.\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-6
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Environmental\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-6
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Monitoring\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-5
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 and\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-5
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Assessment Program (EMAP). Available: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.epa.gov/emap/"}}{\fldrslt http://www.epa.gov/emap/ }}(Louisianian Province 1991-1994) [accessed 3 February\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 2011].\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 USEPA (U.S. Environmental Protection Agency) Region 9 and NOAA (National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. 2007. 2002-2004 Southern California Coastal Marine Fish Contaminants Survey. Available: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://earth1.epa.gov/region09/features/pvshelf/montrose_report.pdf"}}{\fldrslt http://earth1.epa.gov/region09/features/pvshelf/montrose_report.pdf }}[accessed 14 August 2007].\
USFDA (U.S. Food and Drug Administration). 2011. Mercury Concentrations in Fish: FDA Monitoring Program. Available: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.fda.gov/Food/FoodSafety/Product-"}}{\fldrslt http://www.fda.gov/Food/FoodSafety/Product-}} SpecificInformation/Seafood/FoodbornePathogensContaminants/Methylmercury/ucm191007.htm [accessed September 15, 2011].\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 USFDA (U.S. Food and Drug Administration). 2008. Total Diet Study 1991-2005. Available: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.fda.gov/downloads/Food/FoodSafety/FoodContaminantsAdulteration/TotalDietStudy"}}{\fldrslt http://www.fda.gov/downloads/Food/FoodSafety/FoodContaminantsAdulteration/TotalDietStudy}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\sl-238\partightenfactor0
\cf0 /UCM243059.pdf [accessed 9 September 2008].\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri1104\sl249\slmult1\sb7\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Usydus\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Z,\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-5
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Szlinder-Richert\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 J,\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-5
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Polak-Juszczak\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 L,\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-5
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Komar\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 K,\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-5
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Adamczyk\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 M,\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-5
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Malesa-Ciecwierz\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 M,\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 et\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-5
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 al. 2009.\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Fish\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 products\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 available\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 in\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Polish\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 market\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 -\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Assessment\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-4
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 of\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 the\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 nutritive\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 value\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-3
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 and\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 human exposure to dioxins and other contaminants. Chemosphere\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-6
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 74(11):1420-1428.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl252\slmult1\sb5\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Vandenbroek WLF. 1981. Concentration and distribution of mercury in flesh of orange roughy (
\i Hoplostethus atlanticus
\i0 ). N Z J Mar Freshw Res 15(3):255-260.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Vedrina-Dragojevic I, Dragojevic D, Bujan M. 2002. Total mercury content in fish und molluscs from Adriatic Sea. Dtsch Lebensm-Rundsch 98(1):10-13.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl252\slmult1\sb93\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Viana F, Huertas R, Danulat E. 2005. Heavy metal levels in fish from coastal waters of Uruguay. Arch Environ Contam Toxicol 48(4):530-537.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri664\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Voegborlo RB, El-Methnani AM, Abedin MZ. 1999. Mercury, cadmium and lead content of canned tuna fish. Food Chem 67(4):341-345.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-721\ri886\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Voegborlo RB, Matsuyama A, Akagi H, Adimado AA, Ephraim JH. 2006. Total mercury and methylmercury accumulation in the muscle tissue of frigate (
\i Auxis thazard thazard
\i0 ) and yellow fin (
\i Thunnus albacares
\i0 ) tuna from the Gulf of Guinea, Ghana. Bull Environ Contam Toxicol 76(5):840-847.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri664\sl249\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Wang YW, Liang LN, Shi JB, Jiang GB. 2005. Chemometrics methods for the investigation of methylmercury and total mercury contamination in mollusks samples collected from coastal sites along the Chinese Bohai Sea. Environ Pollut 135(3):457-467.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl247\slmult1\sb3\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Watling RJ, McClurg TP, Stanton RC. 1981. Relation between mercury concentration and size in the mako shark. Bull Environ Contam Toxicol 26(3):352-358.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl252\slmult1\sb7\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Whyte ALH, Hook GR, Greening GE, Gibbs-Smith E, Gardner JPA. 2009. Human dietary exposure to heavy metals via the consumption of greenshell mussels (
\i Perna canaliculus 
\i0 Gmelin 1791) from the Bay of Islands, northern New Zealand. Sci Total Environ 407(14):4348-4355.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li997\fi-720\ri758\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Wren CD, Scheider WA, Wales DL, Muncaster BW, Gray IM. 1991. Relation between Mercury Concentrations in Walleye (
\i Stizostedion vitreum vitreum
\i0 ) and Northern Pike (
\i Esox lucius
\i0 ) in Ontario Lakes and Influence of Environmental-Factors. Can J Fish Aquat Sci 48(1):132-139.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li993\fi-719\ri758\sl252\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Yamashita Y, Omura Y, Okazaki E. 2005. Total mercury and methylmercury levels in commercially important fishes in Japan. Fisheries Science 71(5):1029-1035.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li992\fi-719\sl252\slmult1\sb1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Yamashita Y, Omura Y, Okazaki E. 2006. Distinct regional profiles of trace element content in muscle of Japanese eel 
\i Anguilla japonica 
\i0 from Japan, Taiwan, and China. Fisheries Science 72(5):1109-1113.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li992\fi-719\ri758\sl252\slmult1\sb2\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Zauke GP, Savinov VM, Ritterhoff J, Savinova T. 1999. Heavy metals in fish from the Barents Sea in (summer 1994). Sci Total Environ 227(2-3):161-173.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li102\fi890\sl-490\sb51\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Zhang XM, Naidu AS, Kelley JJ, Jewett SC, Dasher D, Duffy LK. 2001. Baseline concentrations of total mercury and methylmercury in salmon returning via the Bering Sea (1999-2000). Mar Pollut Bull\
\pard\pardeftab720\li102\sl-201\partightenfactor0
\cf0 42(10):993-997.\
}